---
writer: gvilaro
coder: gvilaro
---
# Colonies

## Deck de Colonització

### We need to create and build the colonization deck ( Fase 1 )

Start playing with leonard. 

 * Go to the next player "leonard"
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->
 * Go to the "leonard" "ship" "Beagle"
 * You should be at the screen of a "ship".
 * There should contain at least 1 "deck".
 * There should contain the "deck" "Builder".

 * Given that the "leonard" "city" "Capital" has resource "wood" count 5.
 * Given that the "leonard" "city" "Capital" has resource "gold" count 6.
 
Build the deck

 * Go to the contained "deck" "Builder".
 * Build the "Colonization store".
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->
 
Colonization deck has a cost of 5 wood and 1 gold

 * You should be at the screen of a "ship".
 * There should contain the "deck" "Colonization store".
 * The dock resource "wood" count should be 0.
 * The dock resource "gold" count should be 5.

### Using colonization deck to colonize a new region ( Fase 2 )

 * Given that the ship location is 10.
 * Go to the contained "deck" "Colonization store".
 * Colonize current region.
 * <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->
 
leonard has colonized a new city with name Finisterre in the current location

 * Go back to the previous screen.
 * You should be at the screen of a "ship".
 * Go back to the previous screen.
 * You should be at the "game" screen.
 * "leonard" should have the "Finisterre" "city".

 * Go to the "leonard" "city" "Finisterre".
 * You should be at the "entity" screen.
 * You should be at the screen of a "city".

The location of new Finisterre leonard city is 10

 * The _name_ content should be "Finisterre".
 * The _type_ content should be "city".
 * The _owner_ content should be "leonard".
 * The _location_ content should be "10".
